input gestures dialog improvements (#20443)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

For example, if you pressed a key on the keyboard, you may wish it to be specific to the current keyboard layout (e.g. desktop or laptop) or you may wish it to apply for all layouts.
In this case, a menu will appear allowing you to select the desired option.

You can use the context menu to add or remove gestures for each command.

> To remove a gesture from a command, you can also press the delete key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove a gesture from a command, you can also press the `delete` key.
```

For example, if you pressed a key on the keyboard, you may wish it to be specific to the current keyboard layout (e.g. desktop or laptop) or you may wish it to apply for all layouts.
In this case, a menu will appear allowing you to select the desired option.

To remove a gesture from a command, select the gesture and press the Remove button or the delete key.

> You can also use the context menu to add gestures to commands and remove gestures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the context menu to add or remove gestures for each command.
To remove a gesture from a command, you can also press the delete key.
```
